W-13100946-rtf-k8s-best-practices-kt (#1038)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/rtf-k8s-practices.adoc

== Kubernetes (K8s) Best Practices for Runtime Fabric

> Review the following Kubernetes best practices for Runtime Fabric. Note that to utilize the complete value of Runtime Fabric, refer to your respective Kubernetes (K8s) provider's configuration specification for details.

Reviewer: The "Note that..., refer to" structure sounds weird. May be:
"Note that..., you can refer to...".

> Review the following Kubernetes best practices for Runtime Fabric. Note that to utilize the complete value of Runtime Fabric, you can refer to your respective Kubernetes (K8s) provider's configuration specification for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Review the following Kubernetes best practices for Runtime Fabric. To use the complete value of Runtime Fabric, you can refer to your respective Kubernetes (K8s) provider's configuration specification for details.
```
